Here, I'll step through a C++ code for the simple mover node,
and explain what's happening.
First, the ROS header file is the official client library for us.
It provides most of the fundamental functionality
required for interfacing with ROS via C++.
It has tools for creating nodes,
and interfacing with topics, services, and parameters.
From the STD messages package,
we import the Float 64 header file.
This package contains the primitive messages types in ROS.
Later, you will publish Float 64 messages to the position command topics for each joint.
Inside the main function,
the ROS node is initialized,
and registered with ROS master.
Arm mover is the name of the node.
Notice that the main function takes both argc and argv arguments,
and pass them to the int function.
Then, a NodeHandle object n is instantiated from the NodeHandle class.
This NodeHandle object will fully initialize
the node and permits it to communicate with the ROS master.
Next, two publishers are declared.
One for the joint one commands and one for the joint two commands.
The NoteHandle tells the ROS master that
a Float 64 message will be published on the joint topic.
The NodeHandle also set the queue size to
10 using the second argument of the advertised function.
Following, the loop rate object sets a frequency of 10 Hertz.
Rates are used in ROS to limit the frequency at which certain loops cycle.
Choosing array that is too high may result in
unnecessary CPU usage while choosing a value too low could result in high system latency.
Choosing sensible values for all of the nodes in a ROS system is a bit of a fine art.
Next, we set start time.
In a moment, we will use this to measure how much time has elapsed.
When using ROS, we simulated time as we're doing here,
ROS time now with initially return zero until
the first message has been received on the clock topic.
This is why start time is set and pulled continuously until a non zero value is returned.
In the main loop,
the elapsed time is evaluated by measuring
the current time and then subtracting the start time.
The joint angles are sampled from a sine wave with a period of 10 seconds,
and a magnitude from minus PI over two to plus PI over two.
Each trip through the body of the loop will result
in two joint command messages being published.
Due to the call to rate.sleep(),
the loop is traversed at approximately 10 Hertz.
When the node receives the signal to shut down either from
the ROS master or via signal in a console window,
the loop will exit.
Before you are able to launch the node,
you still have to compile the C++ source code.